Spider Engine is the file-scanning core of UNIX Spider.  

It's intended to simple be the regex scan/file processing engine of 
various CLI and GUI Spiders that never got written.  Under Solaris/Linux 
that was supposed to by a Gnome Spider.  Under OSX, it is the current 
OSX Spider beta.

Compiling Engine requires:

	- OpenSSL (hash functions and crypto)
	- libmagic (file type identification)
	- libzzip (ZIP archive handling)
	- libbz (bzip2 handling)
	- libz (gzip handling)
	- libexpat (reading the SSN area/max group XML)
	- PCRE (regexes)

PCRE, OpenSSL, libexpat are mandatory.  The rest are optional, though if 
you leave out libmagic, skiptypes goes from being a type fragment like "Office"
or "JPEG" to being a file extension, just like Windows.

Leaving out the various archive handlers causes Engine to process those as a
bit stream.  I.e., you won't see anything.

Engine will look for a spider.conf in one of three places:
	
	~/.spider/spider.conf
	/root/.spider/spider.conf
	/etc/spider/spider.conf

It'll parse that config file then start running.  You won't get any outward
indication of what it's doing until it finishes.  

Config items are named to correspond to values used by Windows Spider 2.x.  
An example config is provided.

Items that are bitmasked, like logattributes, are the base10 integer sum of
the config items in config.h:

logattributes 8135

means log path, hash, hits, score, regex, etc.

In use, we generally hand-edit (all this stuff was intended to be managed by 
a GUI someday ...) spider.conf to set the start directory, then kick off 
engine.

If you want to add regexes, add them to the bottom of spider.conf:

regex \d{9}
regex \d{3}-\d{3}-\d{3}

...etc...

I'd intended to include a syntax for validators, but none is defined for 
custom regexes.  The reason for this is PCRE is going to require an 
end-of-regex callout: "(?C)" which allows Engine to grab the match and do
something with it.  I figured most users wouldn't get it, Engine could insert
it, but I also needed a way to indicate which validator to use.

Be aware: just like its Windows counterpart, Engine will trample access times
as it goes.  If you're using this for incident response, mount the filesystem 
read-only.

Future Directions:

- some way to manage the config file other than vi
- libpst integration to read Outlook mailboxes
- something that reads PDF files
- smarter custom-regex handling
- all manner of things to bring it in line with Windows Spider.
